Okay, what's good?
Grandma, think about it.
I am Shen Qiujin's woman
Is that all the process?
No one can be left behind.
You also don't want your future granddaughter-in-law
Be wronged
Ouch, that's right too.
So be it, baby Sun Xi
So let's talk about the engagement now?
This sister?
You go get me a cup of tea
Go!
Have a good grandson association
Your name is Sucho, right?
What a great name. Hmm
Wait until I send someone to choose a good day
Come to your house in person to propose marriage to your parents
Grandma, don't bother
My parents died
I am in charge of my own marriage
Oh, dear.
What a poor child.
I must have suffered a lot without my parents to protect me
grandma
Mr. Shen shouldn't have lost his parents like me, right?
Hey
Ah Jing is also a poor child
When I was 6 years old?
His family was in a car accident.
The drivers are dead
Oops I found him for 14 years
When I found him in '14
He is being forced
Black boxing with people in that ring
Boys are all blood
This snake and four butterflies
He's been living hell.
It turned out that he was ruthless and cold-blooded
Just trying to survive in hell
Don't worry, grandma.
With me by his side
I will definitely protect him in the future
You trust me.
No one wants him to live better than I do
Good boy
suqiao
If you pretend
Best to pack the best
Mr. Shen, are you going out?
Can you take me somewhere?
No.
Then take me to the bus stop.
Assistant Tang, please stop the car in front of you in a while.
I'm going to Chengnan Antique Street.
Ok miss so
What are you doing after you go to the street?
I'll take a look.
Can you find a baby with any aura?
Make a body protector for Mr. Shen
What kind of business do you get when you have no money?
It doesn't matter.
I will make money
Mr. Shen, I'm awesome
With me by your side
Yes, I won't let you eat it.
lie down